Considerations and Overview
Even though we might not have to deal with
hex-encoded payloads in web exploits,
it is important that we properly
read the code
to understand what considerations
must be taken in our editing process.
When modifying web exploits, there are
several key questions we need to ask:
Does it initiate an
HTTP or HTTPS connection?
Does it access a web application
specific path or route?
Does the exploit leverage a
pre-authentication vulnerability?
If not, how does the exploit
authenticate to the web application?
How are the GET or POST requests crafted
to trigger and exploit the vulnerability?
Does it rely on default application settings
(such as the web path of the application)
that may have been
changed after installation?
Will oddities such as self-signed
certificates disrupt the exploit?
We must also remember that
public web application exploits
do not take into account
additional protections
such as .htaccess.